Orders mdv2 entity deprecation - Release note (#346)
vtexdocs/dev-portal-content: docs/release-notes/master-data-v2-orders-entity-deprecation.md

---
title: "Master Data v2 orders entity deprecation"
slug: "master-data-v2-orders-entity-deprecation"
hidden: false
type: "deprecated"
excerpt: "VTEX will deprecate the order entity of Master Data v2 in October 2023. Learn how to adapt your store integrations."
---

> Some VTEX stores use the [Master Data v2 orders entity](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/use-master-data-with-orders) to create order integrations. However, using the [orders feed or hook](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/orders-feed) is the recommended way to create this type of integration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As part of our ongoing efforts to improve VTEX's order integration functionality, we are deprecating the [Master Data v2 orders entity](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/use-master-data-with-orders). While some stores may use this entity to create order integrations, we recommend using the [orders feed or hook](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/orders-feed) as they provide a more effective and efficient way to create this type of integration. We encourage all users to update their integrations accordingly to ensure a seamless transition.
```

## What has changed?

This feature has already been deprecated for accounts that used this data entity previously and did not interact with it in 2022.

> As of october 2023 VTEX will deprecate the [Master Data v2 orders entity](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/use-master-data-with-orders) for all accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As of October 2023, VTEX will deprecate the [Master Data v2 orders entity](https://developers.vtex.com/docs/guides/use-master-data-with-orders) for all accounts.
```
